According to the teachings, Guru Yoga, as we said in the teachings, as I repeated, is the profound
spirit part to this enlightenment.
So therefore, Guru Yoga is a relief.
Because when you have the devotion, like a devotion, that mental state has no doubt and no
hesitation, not a shaky mind.
It is really so firm and so strong.
And then you see the preciousness of our situation, the circumstance and the connection to the Guru
or lineage is so strong.
And therefore, then realization, the inborn realization, comes so past.
Really according to the teachings, the realization of the true nature only comes from the
accumulated as well as blessings of the Guru.
Otherwise, there is no way to get realization enlightenment.
So this is the one in the teachings, the truth, accumulated merit practices and devotion or the
connection to the lineage masters and the blessings.
And that truth really will boom up the realization.
So that is the general kind of importance of these connections to that.
And then generally, devotion.
Devotion is a sizzling energy of the pure heart and the pure mind.
It comes from the origin and the actual state of the mind or the primordial essence.
But then, even though it is so powerful, so spiritual, there is no soul that is existing.
And there is nothing existing that.
When you look to that, nature is already in the great jockeying status, already in the great jocke
ying status.
So for that reason, the great master, Raga Aksi, mentioned that during your meditation, when you
are meditating for quite a few hours of use,
sometimes our mind becomes dull and sleepy and soggy, and the mind is disturbed by the meditation,
such as what?
Those skated mind or very dull mind or sleepy mind, disturbed, to clear up that.
And what is great is Master Raga Aksi.
Sometimes you should invoke the kindness and good quality or devotion to the gurus, really bring up
that.
During that time, just a short, maybe one minute, and if you bring up that, it really will clear up
those kind of poggy thoughts and all that.
It refreshes our meditation and then look to your mind.
Look to your own mind, Rava, and there is no soul that is already in the jockeying status and med
itating.
So therefore, devotion is the energy of the realization.
All devotion is the vapor or mystery of the realization of the spring, if I use it that way.
It is really good, but yet it is all in the state of the Ropa.
It comes from Ropa. It is merely from Ropa.
Therefore, devotion is very activated to speed up, to boost up the realization.
According to teaching, devotion in the body goes side by side.
Thank you.